# beproject2017
Smart Water Management System This system will replace our traditional manual water distribution system with smart integrated system. Our proposed system removes all drawbacks from traditional water supply. It’s save water, reduce manpower, reduce cost ect.

Abstract— Current ancient water distribution system needs additional personnel and should cause wastage of water, as a result of the distribution isn't pre-intimated or pre-planned. This manual distribution of water by gap and shutting valves on roads might cause accidents and is additional time intense. Because it needs additional personnel, it's conjointly not price effective. Conjointly ancient system failed to maintain any record associated with distribution time or quantity of water to be distributed.
To develop a sensible integrated system for water distribution. The distribution are going to be prescheduled and pre-intimated to the voters over the net. This method makes use of electronic valves (Solenoid valve) rather than manual valves. The management of the valves are going to be controlled through Mobile App as per schedule and can be notified beforehand to the voters of specific area through the net or SMS in order that the wastage of water may be prevented. However, undetected  leaks, even small  ones, will  lead  to giant  quantities  of  lost  water  since  these  leaks may  exist  for  a  long  time.  Ironically, several little  leaks ar  easier  to find because  they ar  noisier  and  easier  to  hear victimization  hydrophones.

In this project we are creating a Simple website through website all volves are controlled
